the reason we have poverty is that we
have no imagination there are a great
many people accumulating what they think
is fast well but it's only money they
don't know how to use it they don't know
how to enjoy it cause they have no
imagination
cuz nobody is thinking any longer in
terms of what would be a great style of
life there's no earthly reason no
physical technically over the being any
poverty at all anywhere there's a
concentration of control of the news
media in the hands of the wealthy
wealthy have a particular perspective
rich people have a lot more control over
what gets talked about what gets scene
which opinions are acceptable and
permissible if we want to live in a
world without war without hatred without
poverty unemployment street people or
human suffering yet the face up to the
problems because the smarter people are
the richer the world the more deprived
they are of information like you when
you had slaves in America you couldn't
teach them to read he will find that you
did but once you teach people to read
they begin to ask new questions and you
can't manipulate them if we had a free
society he wouldn't have a Democratic
Republican Party it had four thousand
different parties so he lived in a well
it's very rigidly bridge if you don't
understand that listen to any politician
if we fail to take on responsibility for
our own future others will do our
thinking for us