America's wealth is not its goal is not
its banking institutions these are false
institutions that the entire money
structured and materialistic oriented
Society is a false Society 10 or 15
years from now our society will go down
in history as the lowest development in
man we have the brains the know-how the
technology and the feasibility to build
an entirely new civilization you believe
we live in a dystopia
the status quo is no longer working
the systems that once served us are now
the cause of our enslavement and Malice
only a paradigm shift can give us a line
of flight from this downward spiral
in a universe of abundance there are
still people who suffer from hunger and
the reason behind that is the fact that
other people are dying from too much
consumption there's a big problem in how
we manage our resources
only a Monster who doesn't care about
our well-being would let us die from
either hunger or over consumption
and the current world system is that
monster
in this episode we'll talk about this
inhumane monstrous system that imprisons
us both materially and psychologically
and the paradigm shift that will bring
life back to the world
the current world system is a fictional
Matrix of arbitrary rules that only
funnel resources to a few players who
can find a trick in the game and exploit
everyone else
this built-in greet and selfishness of
the current system is the source of all
malice that we face as Humanity on a
daily basis
if we manage to put an end to the system
and create a whole new Matrix all of the
world problems caused by the current
system will perish
this doesn't mean that we will live in a
state like the Garden of Eden merely by
throwing everything all at once and
that's just it
it's a process that takes a lot of work
by hard-working technicians and creative
geniuses
one of the most prominent thinkers who
spent pretty much his entire life
dedicated to solving the problem with
the corrupt system of the current world
order it's Jacques Fresco the founder of
the Venus Project
social cybernuring is an approach of
restructuring of society in hedonistic
terms this might represent an individual
house most of the homes will be
individually contoured if you're an
artist you'll live in the kind of house
that is most suitable to your areas of
interest if you're a technician a
musician the house will be designed for
your needs most of the houses will be
self-generative that is the heat of the
sun falls upon your roof and lowers the
temperature on the inside of the house
the sunlight is scattered on the inner
walls in which you have a phosphor
coating and the room blows all evening
with a soft glow without any electricity
without any power waste that all the
buildings will be earthquake proof
fireproof termite proof and shock
resistant in that they will rest on this
particularly designed Sand Bay so that
no direct shock can be transferred to
the architecture all of the world's
music is housed in a Central Computer
you don't want records tape recorders
all this junk that requires continued
Jewish maintenance all you want is the
music you like you live in an insane
culture where we duplicate things well
you wouldn't need a set in the house to
get the program no all you need is an
image screen
an image screen an image screen a flat
screen built in on the wall you don't
have a set sticking out you don't have
tape recorders all you have is a music
you like
social cyber nearing is a term coined by
Jacques Fresco a futurist and social
engineer who founded the Venus Project a
non-profit organization that advocates
for a resource-based economy
social cybernearing refers to the
application of systems thinking and
cybernetics to the design and management
of a society
basically it's a paradigm shift in how
we organize ourselves as Humanity using
Advanced AI technology and highly
developed smart machines
the goal of socio-cyber nearing is to
create a social system that is efficient
sustainable and Equitable where
resources are allocated based on the
needs of people and the environment
rather than the profit motive
the aim is to transcend the unnecessary
limitations that hinder Humanity from
achieving our full potential and
exploring the deeper meanings of
existence
it involves the use of technology and
scientific knowledge to design a system
that can optimize the use of resources
and eliminate waste this vision sees the
planet Earth as a closed system
a living being that's why we call her
mother earth
many of the environmental problems that
extend to social problems and even
personal problems come from abusing
Mother Earth and not respecting her
social cyberneering also emphasizes the
importance of education and cultural
change in creating a new social system
that aligns with nature and universal
laws
according to Fresco changing the current
social Paradigm requires a shift in
values and attitudes towards cooperation
empathy and sustainability
the main reason we cannot be truly
Cooperative empathetic and sustainable
is because of the current world system
that requires us to be selfish
selfishness differs from individuality
the new paradigm shift favors
individuality over narcissistic
selfishness
this narcissism is ingrained in the
politics and economics of the current
world order which is why over
consumption and narcissistic psychopathy
are promoted as necessary evils and
normal
almost all people who make it to the top
in such a system have to play unethical
games at a certain point
Psychopaths thrive in this system
because the system is psychopathic
the current politics and economics
hinder us from reaching our full
Collective interest because they only
perpetuate malice
we have to understand that with our
current level of technological
advancement a post-scarcity society is
not already achieved just because of the
Mindless monetary system at the center
of the world's economy and politics
overall social cyber nearing is a
holistic approach to social engineering
that aims to create a society where you
can Thrive as a Divine individual and
find your purpose in a peaceful manner
with your loved ones
instead of being caught up in the rat
race of chasing after our Collective
destruction the paradigm shift that is
to come will open up a new horizon of
what it truly means to be a human and
live in such a world where machines do
all the heavy lifting and the whole
humanity is connected all over the globe
A Whole New Horizon of potential opens
up for each and every one of us
and since it's all about finding peace
and love all our efforts to advance will
be along these lines
the scientific research and art that
will come from such a paradigm shift
will be truly something to Marvel at
when you get rid of all greed and
sociopathy from the world science
technology and Industry will also be
positively impacted
instead of playing The Profit over
everything game the new paradigm shift
favors value over everything and value
comes from being aligned materially and
spiritually
seeking profits is vampiric because it
only requires more for satisfying a
never-ending thirst
however seeking value allows for
abundance and lack of scarcity because
value cannot be contained unlike profits
which can easily be calculated in terms
of money
the monetary system is also a big
problem that this Paradigm Shift has to
solve because it's only going to
disaster after disaster especially with
the high inflation
the illusionary arbitrary system has
proven to be ineffective in the long run
change must take place
and it requires collaboration between
experts in various Fields including
science technology engineering and
social sciences to create this new
paradigm shift
and all of us will have to unite in our
shared respect for the gift of life and
our mother earth leaving all our
differences behind
while this might seem far-fetched just
remember that all it took for the whole
world to unite is a minor virus that's
pretty much harmless compared to the
Mind viruses that this system is
infecting us with
in 2020 the whole world United to battle
a common enemy
though many would say it was only a
trick and a conspiracy no one can deny
that the whole world changed in a couple
of years
what that means is that we can change
for the better very quickly
that's why all of us have the intuition
that a Quantum jump is about to take
place at any moment
and our hope and also duty is to Quantum
jump to a better world a better reality
for all of us
it's also a spiritual awakening because
no one can deny that this greedy
materialistic system isn't devoid of
spirituality
even religious institutions are plagued
by the system and no longer fulfilled
their true spiritual purpose
they need to redefine our spiritual
needs and use religion to fulfill such
spiritual needs instead of being used by
corrupt religious institutions that have
nothing to do with spirituality
and since most humanity is now connected
thanks to the internet we have the
potential to find spirituality in
cyberspace
for example the small community our
channel has can be considered a tiny
spiritual institution where we learn
from each other and find spirituality by
sharing our thoughts with one another
and it's all possible thanks to the
current technology
technology should always serve a higher
purpose not just making money
if you feel like the current reality
isn't fulfilling your material and
spiritual needs no matter how much you
try it's time to think outside the box
like Jacques Fresco and many of us
as for the Venus Project as its name
suggests it's a project fueled with love
Venus is the Roman goddess of love
while such ideas that Jacques Fresco
talks about seeing too idealistic and
too good to ever be true everything done
out of love can never be taken for
granted in other words there's a lot to
learn from the Venus Project
as always share your positive vibes if
you feel like it
Society has really comprised a very
stupid man let me say it again all
politicians all lawyers all businessmen
will be phased out I'm not going to do
it it's not going to be a revolution you
don't need it our society cannot be
maintained by this type of
incompetencying does not appeal to
governments to private Enterprise we're
going to do this thing just as the
automobile phased out the stagecoach
just as television stepped in and phased
out the old Vaudeville and the old
Motion Pictures that history and
technology is respecters of no Society
no individual opinions but it moves on
and we've got to be prepared to face the
future
